Hre krihsna 
spiritual adwancment only take place when lord in heart is pleased by our efforts.
simple attitude
whatever effort we make kif it is not pleasing to krishna and his devottees njo spiritual adwancement.
ataḥ pumbhir dvija-śreṣṭhā
varṇāśrama-vibhāgaśaḥ
svanuṣṭhitasya dharmasya
saṁsiddhir hari-toṣaṇam
SYNONYMS
ataḥ—so; pumbhiḥ—by the human being; dvija-śreṣṭhāḥ—O best among the twiceborn; varṇa-āśrama—the institution of four castes and four orders of life; vibhāgaśaḥ—by the division of; svanuṣṭhitasya—of one's own prescribed duties; dharmasya—occupational; saṁsiddhiḥ—the highest perfection; hari—the Personality of Godhead; toṣaṇam—pleasing.
TRANSLATION
O best among the twice-born, it is therefore concluded that the highest perfection one can achieve by discharging the duties prescribed for one's own occupation according to caste divisions and orders of life is to please the Personality of Godhead.
TEXT 17
śṛṇvatāṁ sva-kathāḥ kṛṣṇaḥ
puṇya-śravaṇa-kīrtanaḥ
hṛdy antaḥ stho hy abhadrāṇi
vidhunoti suhṛt satām
SYNONYMS
śṛṇvatām—those who have developed the urge to hear the message of; sva-kathāḥ—His own words; kṛṣṇaḥ—the Personality of Godhead; puṇya—virtues; śravaṇa—hearing; kīrtanaḥ—chanting; hṛdi antaḥ sthaḥ—within one's heart; hi—certainly; abhadrāṇi—desire to enjoy matter; vidhunoti—cleanses; suhṛt—benefactor; satām—of the truthful.
TRANSLATION
Śrī Kṛṣṇa, the Personality of Godhead, who is the Paramātmā [Supersoul] in everyone's heart and the benefactor of the truthful devotee, cleanses desire for material enjoyment from the heart of the devotee who has developed the urge to hear His messages, which are in themselves virtuous when properly heard and chanted.
PURPORT
श्रीप्रह्राद उवाच
श्रवणं कीर्तनं विष्णो: स्मरणं पादसेवनम् ।
अर्चनं वन्दनं दास्यं सख्यमात्मनिवेदनम् ॥ ३०॥
इति पुंसार्पिता विष्णुौ भक्तिश्चेन्नवलक्षणा ।
क्रियेत भगवत्याद्धा तन्मन्येऽधीतमुत्तमम् ॥ ॥
Enviousness
all points of philosophy are to bring us closer to chanting and hearing
Milk
ŚB 1.2.18
नष्टप्रायेष्वभद्रेषु नित्यं भागवतसेवया ।
भगवत्युत्तमश्लोके भक्तिर्भवति नैष्ठिकी ॥ १८ ॥
naṣṭa-prāyeṣv abhadreṣu
nityaṁ bhāgavata-sevayā
bhagavaty uttama-śloke
bhaktir bhavati naiṣṭhikī
Synonyms
naṣṭa — destroyed; prāyeṣu — almost to nil; abhadreṣu — all that is inauspicious; nityam — regularly; bhāgavata — Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam, or the pure devotee; sevayā — by serving; bhagavati — unto the Personality of Godhead; uttama — transcendental; śloke — prayers; bhaktiḥ — loving service; bhavati — comes into being; naiṣṭhikī — irrevocable.

Translation
By regular attendance in classes on the Bhāgavatam and by rendering of service to the pure devotee, all that is troublesome to the heart is almost completely destroyed, and loving service unto the Personality of Godhead, who is praised with transcendental songs, is established as an irrevocable fact



